{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Title:\
Justin Qassis\'92s Website \
\
Biography: \
\
Hello and welcome to my website. I am a senior at Michigan State University and am currently pursuing a bachelors in Media and Information Technology with a minor in Information Technology as well. I absolutely love to play watch, and read about sports, especially golf. I have been heavily involved in my church \
\
About me:\
\
I am a senior at Michigan State University. As I said, I am an absolute sports fanatic, and a huge fan of LeBron James. I love to play sports just as much as I love to watch them. For fun, I like to be with my friends, golf, and occasionally play some video games from time to time, but not often. I have been heavily involved in my church. I love to travel whenever I can. \
\
Education and experience page \
\
I am currently seeking full-time employment for the Summer of 2017. Currently, I work for the Michigan State University College of Engineering at the Division of Engineering Computing Services doing IT support for the college. Over the summer of 2015, I worked at Quicken Loans on the Desktop Support team, and recently this last summer, I worked for Quicken Loans again as a Software Engineering Intern \
\
As part of my major, I have touched on subjects such as Python, C++, SQL, HTML5, CSS3, and C#. I have a working knowledge of Adobe Photoshop as well. \
\
Here is a link to my official resume: (link)\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}